Recently, I graduated from University of Colorado Boulder with a degree in mathematics (computational focus) and Physics (with an interdisciplinary track that focuses on Atmospheric Science). I have a deep passion for math and its modern applications, but I feel the cause for my physics degree being centered around atmospheric science is most relevant to the question of ‘why WindBorne?’ While pursuing my physics degree, I went through some existential crises related to feelings of imposter syndrome, which is all too common in the field. I really enjoyed the hard aspects of physics and feel that gaining even a slight notion of what quantum mechanics is will probably be one of my proudest moments academically. Despite this, it was clear in the first two years I was not going to become a professor of physics or a PhD who performs cutting edge and ground breaking research. The whole reason I pursued physics was the challenge of it , and the desire to become great at something, and this was not the problem. The problem was for some reason I found myself unable to fully commit to the field like many of my peers had. This was a frightening realization two years into a degree, but I knew then that I needed to find what really piqued my interest and could inspire some passionate direction, instead of just gritting my teeth and getting through it. I was fortunate enough to meet an atmospheric science Phd who was all too familiar with my issue, one she described as a quarter life crisis. Her advice, which was to not try and be something I'm not and rather focus on what I enjoy, combined with her very convincing dissection of atmospheric science’s reliance on computational mathematics and physics, led me to start taking some classes. As I continued my undergraduate degree, I found it was the atmospheric and oceanic science classes that were the most compelling to me academically. What really made complex physical principles like specific heat, Carnot cycles and the Navier stokes equation click for me was seeing them applied to our atmosphere, ocean and weather systems. 
Now, having graduated, I am a bit overwhelmed by the proposition of entering a career in atmospheric science with only a minor on my belt, and trying my best to fit a physics and computational math degree into the field. I would be lying if I said the job search is an easy undertaking right now, but something feels wrong about just trying to send my resume to as many employers as possible on job boards where I know thousands of recent graduates are doing the same thing. A recent road trip to the Bay Area with my friends for our last spring break was probably the best trip of my life, and I acknowledge that there is likely some rose tinted glasses changing my few of the location, but really, I felt for the first time in a while that I had found a place I would like to move and start a career. As I search for atmospheric related jobs in the area, I see a lot of applications that feel like I’m pushing my luck trying to apply.
WindBorne’s application with a challenge on git hub seemed to stand out as a more personal application. Seeing a job posting that does not just want experience with 5 or 6 languages was a refreshing change of pace, and also telling that your company is looking for people who want to grow and learn rather than just fill a vacancy. The job posting for builder really stood out to me as a chance to grow and develop a career in atmospheric science that welcomes new ideas and creative thinking. I feel it is really the perfect next step for me to learn more about this industry and where it is headed. I know my academic career was not conventional for this field, and I would be lying if that challenge did not stress me out at times, but really it is companies like Wind Borne that give me a sense that my interests in computational mathematics, atmospheric modeling ,and physics are not lost on the world, but rather require like minded people who welcome unconventional backgrounds. As artificial intelligence becomes the center of just about everything, seeing a company that uses it in conjunction with atmospheric data to improve forecasts and drive the industry forward is an exciting opportunity, but more importantly one I feel makes complete and total sense for me.
